Welcome to Movie Shortens. Follow
us today to a movie titled: Exist.
Be aware, there are spoilers!
Traveling into the woods, a group of five
record their adventures on their way to their
destination. Brian and Matt who are brothers,
Matt's girlfriend Dora and their friends Todd
and Elizabeth. The ultimate goal is to get to
a cabin which belongs to Brian and Matt’s
uncle. They stop in and make a purchase at
a firework stand. The journey continues as
they enter the woods taking in the scenery.
Later that night, as they are driving through the
woods their car strikes an unknown creature.
The guys go out to inspect the damage, thinking
they’ve hit a deer. Then the sound of a wailing
animal is heard echoing in the forest. The boys
go out with night vision goggles to investigate
what is making the sound. Something passes through
the bush. Before they can determine what it is,
Elizabeth honks the horn, telling
them it is time to go.
While Matt continues driving, Brian takes a
look at the footage that they captured prior
to the accident. At first, he was annoyed
as his friends had lit his beard on fire.
Continuing to look through the footage, he gets
a glimpse of the animal. However, he discovers
that whatever creature it was, it was walking
upright. Just then Matt informs the car that
they have arrived. As they drive up a dirt road,
they come across a fallen tree blocking their car
from driving further. They decide to walk the rest
of the way. Eventually they make it to the cabin,
but they find that the door has been left open.
Looking around the cabin, it is apparent that no
one has lived here for quite some time, as leaves
are scattered everywhere. Brian jumps on one of
the beds, making dust fly up around the cabin.
As he is being rambunctious, they hear a strange
sound. Matt investigates, leading him to a
partially closed room. He opens the door as
squealing and screaming ensue. It turns out that
there is a pig in the cabin. The discovery of the
pig is the last straw, they agree to leave
the cabin and sleep in the car instead.
While his friends are asleep, Brian takes
video but soon hears a low howling coming
from the woods. Matt is awakened, and
both question what is making the noise.
Matt turns on the headlights so that they can see,
yet nothing is visible. Brian lowers his window,
and claims he can hear something crying, so Matt
tells him to raise the window back up. Brian then
asks Matt if the unusual sound might be the thing
that Uncle Bob saw. Matt is dismissive, telling
Brian not to talk about it. When morning comes,
they are better able to see the damage to the car.
They find blood on the lights and on the bumper,
a small bit of hair is stuck in the radiator.
A bit later, Brian is readying his camera for
the bike jump into the lake a while later.
They’re laughing and flipping into the
water, followed by some skinny dipping.
Brian follows Elizabeth and Todd who appear to be
doing some exploring, when Brian sees something
run across the ridge in the woods. Brian then
goes back to the spot he initially recorded the
sighting. He begins speaking to the camera about
an encounter his uncle had in these same woods.
Something that scared him terribly. Brian then
finds a footprint, a big-foot print. Then the
sounds of leaves rustling and a creature are
heard, enough to get Brian to leave the area.
Night has come, and Brian is out in the woods,
making bad attempts at mimicking animals.
Dora comes out asking him what he’s doing, and he
assures her it’s to become famous. He falls asleep
on the hammock, then hears some noises in the
woods yet again. Thinking he’s heard Sasquatch;
he slowly approaches a tree where he
thinks it's hiding. To his surprise,
it's just Todd and Matt, armed with paintball
guns, who proceed to unload on him.
As they mock Brian for being scared of Sasquatch,
it begins howling. The three then run inside,
close the doors, and turn off all the lights.
From the darkness, the silhouette of Sasquatch
walks up to the door. Brian goes to the window,
and gets to see Bigfoot firsthand, it roars and
runs away. Just a few moments later everyone
hears the sound of metal and glass being broken.
The next morning, as the group begin to leave,
they find that the car has been smashed,
impaled by a branch, and will no longer start.
Back in the cabin, the group debate their coming
plans. Dora suggests waiting for uncle Bob.
Brian tells them that they’ve stolen his key,
and that nobody knows that they are out
there. Matt volunteers to ride a bike back
to civilization to get cell reception to call
for help. He stops periodically checking for
cell reception. In the meantime, the rest of
the group start to barricade inside the house.
As they move things around, they find a cellar
underneath a rug. Todd explores the cellar and
finds a gun, loaded, and with ammunition. Brian
finally gets a cell signal and dials 9-11,
but the reception is not strong enough.
He then calls Uncle Bob, just then he sees
Sasquatch approaching from behind.
Matt frantically takes off, alerting his
uncle that he and his friends are at his cabin.
Sasquatch roars and gives chase. After doing his
best to outpace it, the Sasquatch catches up to
him, making him miss his turn back to the cabin.
He tumbles off his bike and finds that his right
is broken and the bone is exposed. With all his
might, he tries to hobble away from the Sasquatch,
but it eventually grabs him and tosses him.
Back at the cabin, Brian lets the rest of the
group know that the dangers were known but they
didn’t believe in it. Just as Todd tries to
reassure them that Matt will pull through,
the bike Matt had been riding, sails through the
air and lands on the porch. The group realize
that Sasquatch is nearby, and barricade themselves
further inside. As night finally comes, Sasquatch
returns, taking out the generator. Sasquatch
then tries to get through the door, but he can’t,
so he instead comes through the window. Todd
shoots at it as the rest retreat into a nearby
room. Sasquatch then tries to get in, only
stopping when Todd shoots at the door.
Just when they think it has left, Sasquatch’s arm
reaches through the window and grabs Elizabeth by
the neck. Violently smashing her against
the wall, picking her up, and strangling
her. Sasquatch throws Elizabeth, as the group
retreat to the cellar, Todd carrying Elizabeth.
Sasquatch disassembles the upper floor searching
for them. Elizabeth then regains consciousness,
which alerts Sasquatch as to where they
are. It then proceeds to kick in the door,
but Todd shoots and is finally able
to hit it. Finally, it runs off.
The next morning, they find that the
upstairs has been completely wrecked.
Brian gives them the ok to come back up, but
Elizabeth has not made it through the night.
They decide that they must leave immediately,
they will come back for Elizabeth’s body later.
Brian suggests taking a trail through the woods,
enabling them to get to safety faster. They then
come across Matt’s backpack, and then find Matt’s
helmet. Dora erupts in sadness thinking Matt must
have been killed. The three continue through
the woods, and find shelter for the night.
As they rest, they hear something out in the woods
again. Sasquatch isn’t far away. Todd goes into a
fit of rage, shooting erratically into the woods.
Sasquatch keeps distance, and instead hurls rocks
at them. Todd then finds out that the shell in
the gun isn’t ejecting. Todd tells both Brian
and Dora they need to run for it. Just as they
get a reasonable distance, they find an abandoned
camper. However, optimism turns into horror when
they hear the screams of Matt tearing through the
woods. They follow the screams to a tunnel. Brian
takes the gun and begins looking for him.
Crawling his way through the tunnel, Brian finds
Matt curled up in pain. Matt’s legs have been
smashed. Sasquatch is still in the area. Brian
is then able to take a shot at it, scaring it
away temporarily, dragging his brother through
the tunnel back towards the rest of the group.
Once reunited, they head back to the camper
for shelter. They get a bit of a signal, and
Uncle Bob confirms that he is at the cabin. Todd
then comes up with a plan to use the fireworks to
make some noise, so that Uncle Bob can find their
location. After Todd launches off the fireworks,
Sasquatch appears through the smoke. He
begins chasing Todd all the way to the camper.
It eventually catches up with him, dragging
him back into the woods and killing him.
As the rest tremble in fear about what just
happened, they are startled as Todd’s body
is thrown into the camper. Sasquatch then
comes close but does not enter. Instead,
it pushes the camper off a cliff. The three tumble
a good distance as Brian finds that he is injured,
Matt has died, and Dora is about to die. To
make things worse, Sasquatch leaps off the
cliff and onto the camper, it now chases Brian,
and tears through the camper. Brian runs for his
life rolling down a hill. He is not dead but
decides to play dead as Sasquatch gets close.
It roars in his face, and shakes him, but Brian
continues faking his demise, till finally it
starts dragging him through the woods.
Sasquatch drags Brian to an open area of the woods
and leaves. Brian opens his eyes and sees that
Sasquatch has dragged him and all of his friends
to the same area, lining their bodies up right
next to one another. Panicking, he sees a smaller
Sasquatch. It has been placed in a hole, and has
been decorated with branches sticking out of its
body. Sasquatch returns and shoves Brian towards
the baby. It continues pushing Brian towards it,
as to show Brian what he and his friends have
done. It's at this moment, the sound of a gun
breaks the interaction, and Sasquatch runs off.
Uncle Bob has come to the rescue leading
him through some more woods. As Brian
cries out about the mistake he’s made,
Sasquatch tackles Uncle Bob. Brian grabs the gun
and runs for it, but eventually stops and points
it at Sasquatch. He tells it he is sorry, and
it was an accident what happened to his baby.
Brian gets a good look at Sasquatch and can
see that he has been shot and is bleeding.
After staring each other down, Brian decides
to stop the escalation and places the gun down.
Brian turns to the camera saying this is his last
video, he then turns his back to Sasquatch, and
prepares for death. However, Sasquatch walks the
other way, leaving Brian as the sole survivor.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos
like this, and don’t forget to turn on
your notifications. That really helps my
channel. Thanks for watching!